Yahoo ! Answers is a community driven knowledge market website launched by Yahoo ! on December 13 , 2005 that allows users to ask questions of other users and answer other users' questions The site gives members the chance to earn points as a way to encourage participation and is based on Naver 's Knowledge iN As of November 2006 , it contains 65 million answers and more than 7 million questions On June 11 , 2007 , Yahoo ! 's former questions and answers service , Ask Yahoo ! , was formally merged with Yahoo ! Answers Virtually any question is allowed , except ones that violate the Yahoo ! Answers community guidelines To encourage good answers , helpful participants are occasionally featured on the Yahoo ! 360 blog page Though the service itself is free , the content of answers are owned by the respective users while Yahoo ! maintains a non exclusive royalty free worldwide right to publish the information What is the copyright status of responses submitted to Yahoo ! Answers \? Can good info be moved to Wikipedia \? from Yahoo ! Answers Chat is explicitly forbidden in the Community Guidelines , although users may choose to reveal their Yahoo ! Messenger ID on their Answers profile page In order to open an account a user needs a Yahoo ! ID , but can use any name as identification on Yahoo ! Answers A user can also be represented by a Yahoo ! avatar or a Yahoo ! 360 picture When answering a question , a pull down menu allows one to choose to search either Yahoo ! or Wikipedia The site is based in Argentina , Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , France , Germany , Hong Kong , India , Indonesia , Italy , Japan , Malaysia , Mexico , New Zealand , the Philippines , Singapore , South Korea , Spain , Taiwan , Thailand , the United Kingdom , Quebec , the United States and Vietnam The site is available in the United States in both US English and US Spanish and Canada in both English and French The user 's default language on Yahoo ! is their default language on Answers Users can also opt to only view questions on their native country 's site Points , levels , and stars Questions are initially open to answers for three days However the asker can choose to close the question after a minimum of four hours or extend it for a period of up to seven days To ask a question one has to have a Yahoo ! account with a positive score balance The points system is weighted to encourage users to answer questions and to limit spam questions There are also levels \( with point thresholds \) which give more site access http answers yahoo com info scoring system php Aside from this , points and levels have no real world value , cannot be traded , and serve only to indicate how active a user has been on the site A notable downside to the points level side is that this encourages people to answer questions that they do not know the answer to , just to get points On the other hand many people also ask pointless questions , just for the fun of it The point system encourages users to answer as many questions as they possibly can , up to their daily limit Once a user gets to level 3 or 4 , if they are able to maintain a good 'best answer' percentage \( above 10 \) within a specific category they will receive an orange 'badge' under the name of their avatar naming them a Top Contributor A user can be a Top Contributor in up to three categories , listed on the user 's profile page , which can change depending on the user 's answering habits However , once a user becomes a Top Contributor in any category , the badge appears in all answers , questions , and comments by the user regardless of category Level points table 1 249 250 999 1 , 000 2 , 499 2 , 500 4 , 999 5 , 000 9 , 999 10 , 000 24 , 999 25 , 000 Points are earned as per following Points Table Action Points Begin participating on Yahoo ! Answers One time 100 Ask a question 5 Choose a best answer for your question 3 No Best Answer was selected by voters on your question Points Returned 5 Answer a question 2 Deleting an answer 2 Log in to Yahoo ! Answers Once daily 1 Vote for a best answer 1 Vote for No best answer 0 Have your answer selected as the best answer 10 Receive a thumbs up rating on a best answer that you wrote \( up to 50 thumbs up are counted \) 1 per thumbs up Voting and rating with thumbs up or thumbs down is done anonymously , and once done cannot be changed Users may tag an interesting question with a star , and the list of users who have so tagged a question is made public On Answers profile pages , users can track how many stars they have received for their questions However , a user may un star a question at will Users may also keep a separate watchlist of questions that is kept private Gifts Occasionally the Yahoo ! Answers Team sends out free gifts to active participants in Yahoo ! Answers Some items received have been stickers , mugs , jackets , Yahoo ! Answers bags , water bottles and more They commonly do this around their birthday in December Recent Modifications The Report Abuse System has been revised so that people who report correctly have a greater influence in the Community Those who continue to report incorrectly will have their power to report people diminished It has been questioned whether this system works or not Criticisms Many criticisms of Yahoo ! Answers revolve around its complaint system Questions and answers may be reported by any users as a breach of the guidelines , occasionally causing the reported users to receive violation notices despite innocence of wrongdoing Yahoo ! maintains that a customer care representative reviews each abuse report submitted by users Yahoo ! Answers Help This is disputed by some Yahoo ! Answers users who claim that they have received notices about violations for which the stated Community Guideline that had allegedly been violated was inaccurate Users have also complained about deletions of posts that were not in violation of the Yahoo ! Terms of Service \( TOS \) or the Yahoo ! Answers Community Guidelines Users are informed via email that their content has been deleted After a certain unknown amount of violation notices , Yahoo ! Answers will deactivate one 's account Yahoo ! Answers account deactivations occur without explicit warning and without informing users that account deactivation is used as a final disciplinary measure When an account has been deactivated , users may , at Yahoo 's discretion , lose all saved data and site access associated with the deactivated account , such as emails , contact lists , blogs , game scores , photo uploading services such as Flickr , and so on Users are given the opportunity to appeal violation notices and account deletions by posting an appeal on the Yahoo ! Answers Violation Appeals Message Board , though arguments asserting an overly harsh application of Community Guidelines are generally considered irrelevent to Yahoo ! Answers staff members There have been several instances wherein users have attempted to contact Yahoo ! customer care over the phone , but find they are required to pay a fee for a response Highlighting users From time to time , the Yahoo ! Answers team selects a user from the millions who use the feature and writes a blog about him her in the Yahoo ! Answers Blog This is called the Featured User section The blog usually talks about the user 's activity on the website , as well as a little bit about the user 's hobbies When a user is selected as a Featured User , he she is sent an e mail , asking for some details like hobbies , interests , occupation , etc The user is usually expected to give a few comments on Yahoo ! Answers as well The user is expected to reply to the message appropriately , and the blog is put up in a few weeks The Blog is on the Yahoo ! 360 service Yahoo ! Answers also has a Best of Answers section , in which Yahoo ! staff pick questions that have been answered with a particularly highly rated best answer Answers On The Street Beginning July 2 , 2007 , Yahoo ! Answers began featuring weekly video segments called Yahoo ! Answers On The Street Hosted by J Keith van Straaten , the 3 4 minute videos draw on questions from the Answers community and mix together expert interviews with comedic man on the street pieces A new episode is posted every Monday , with previous episodes archived Special guests Several celebrities and notables have appeared on Yahoo ! Answers to ask questions These users have an official badge below their avatar and on their profile page The list of Special Guests has included well recognized celebrities and intellectuals , such as Marilyn vos Savant , the Guinness record holder for highest IQ Some of other celebrities that have Asked and or Answered questions on the site Shigeru Miyamoto Sarah Silverman Brad Bird John McCain profile Stephen Hawking profile Jonathan Ross Bono profile Alyssa Milano Al Gore Ciara profile Deepak Chopra Donald Trump part of Yahoo ! 's affiliation with The Apprentice Dane Cook Danny Glover Dylan and Cole Sprouse Gary Shaw Gene Rayburn Isaiah Washington Suze Orman Cindy Crawford John Woo profileTom and Ray Magliozzi \( aka Click and Clack , the Tappet Brothers from Car Talk \) Arianna Huffington Marilyn vos Savant profile part of Ask the Planet Hillary Clinton Oprah Winfrey Michael Crichton Muhammad Yunus Laurence Fishburne Leonardo DiCaprio Indian President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Clay Aiken \( UNICEF \) The people who worked on the film The Number 23 profile Barack Obama Shashi Tharoor Constantine Maroulis Mitt Romney profile David Filo profile Frank Ochberg profile Alastair Fothergill profile Nandan Nilekani profileDr Kiran Bedi profile Queen Rania of Jordan profile Todd Oldham profile Chris Archer profile Jane Fonda profile Leeza Gibbons profile Joan Didion profile Delilah profile Reebok profile Nancy Pelosi profile Jim Rome profile Penelope Cruz profile Elisabeth Shue profile Jean Michel Cousteau profile Matt Dillon profile Mark Philippoussis profile Ivanka Trump profile Perez Hilton profile Justin Langer References External links Yahoo ! Answers official site The Best of Answers 2006 Official Yahoo ! Answers blog on Yahoo ! 360 Yahoo ! Answers Help and Suggestions Board Yahoo ! Answers scoring system Yahoo ! Answers Leaderboard Article in New York Times Article In Search Engine Watch Answers API Python wrapper over Answers API Ask Yahoo ! , Yahoo ! 's former Q A site , now merged with Answers Yahoo ! Answers On The Street Category Collaboration Category Community websites Category Knowledge markets Category Yahoo ! zh yue ar ! de Yahoo Clever es Yahoo ! Respuestas fr Yahoo ! Questions R ponses it Yahoo ! Answers ja Yahoo ! pt Yahoo ! Respostas ta ! zh